save the dinosaurs from island that's
about to explode what could go wrong
having dinosaurs on an island there's a
certain containment to that what it
takes to get these dinosaurs off the
island that is now an entirely new story
this is the second film of a trilogy you
get nostalgia and also a new story at
the same time there's a scene that we
have with blue we're all surrounding her
that felt emotional did I cry I've never
cried once in my life not even when I
was a baby and I came out and they
slapped me and I was like don't hit me
it was a roller coaster so that we could
drop fast enough to hit zero G's and
float for a second a film like this was
made created to be seen not only on a
big screen he's seen with an audience
you experience that together
you